test101(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test106(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test107(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test109(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test111(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test114(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test127(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test129(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test130(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test133(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test135(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test136(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test138(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test11(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test15(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test16(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test18(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test24(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test26(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test27(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test28(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test29(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test30(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test31(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test32(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test35(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test38(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test39(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test40(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test44(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test47(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test48(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test49(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test50(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test52(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test53(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test54(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test55(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test56(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test61(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test64(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test67(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test68(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test73(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test75(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test77(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test79(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test80(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test83(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test84(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test87(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test90(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test95(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test96(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test97(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test98(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test1(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test4(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test5(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test8(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
false
